# 	Direct To Market (DTM) is a use case for https://github.com/MangoFarmAssets/rips/blob/master/rip-0011.mediawiki in combination of 
RIP 12, 13 and 14 from the same source.  Many of the functions outlined in this paper do not required the 2nd layer services and revenue generation provided by DTM.  

Content Creators. (CC):

News organizations[edit]

News organizations, especially the biggest and more international, such as The New York Times, NPR, and CNN and others, consistently create some of the most shared 
content on the Web.[4] This is especially true for content related breaking news and topical events. In the words of a 2011 report from the Oxford School for the 
Study of Journalism and the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism, "Mainstream media is the lifeblood of topical social media conversations in the UK."[5] 
While the rise of digital media has disrupted traditional news outlets, many have adapted, and have begun to produce content that is designed to function on the web 
and be shared by social media users. The social media site Twitter is a major distributor of breaking news in traditional formats, and many Twitter users are media 
professionals. The function and value of Twitter in the distribution of news is a frequent topic of discussion and research in journalism.[6] User-generated content, 
social media blogging and citizen journalism have changed the nature of news content in recent years.[7] The company Narrative Science is now using artificial 
intelligence to produce news articles and interpret data.[8]

Colleges, universities and think tanks[edit]

Academic institutions, such as colleges and universities, create content in the form of books, journal articles, white papers, and some forms of digital scholarship, 
such as blogs that are group edited by academics, class wikis, or video lectures that support a massive open online course (MOOC). Institutions may even make the 
raw data supporting their experiments or conclusions available on the Web through an open data initiative. Academic content may be gathered and made accessible to 
other academics or the public through publications, databases, libraries and digital libraries. Academic content may be closed source or open access (OA). Closed source 
content is only available to authorized users or subscribers. An important journal or a scholarly database may be closed source, available only to students and faculty 
through the institution's library. Open access articles are open to the public, with the publication and distribution costs shouldered by the institution publishing the 
content.

Companies[edit]

Corporate content includes advertising and public relations content, as well as other types of content produced for profit, including white papers and sponsored research. 
Advertising can even include auto-generated content, blocks of content generated by programs or bots for search engine optimization.[9] Companies also create annual 
reports which count as content creation as it is part of their company's workings and a detailed review of their financial year. This gives the stakeholders of the 
company insight of the company's current and future prospects and direction.[10]

Artists and writers[edit]

Cultural works, like music, movies, literature, and art, are also forms of content. Traditionally published books and e-books are one type of cultural content, 
but there are many others, such as self-published books, digital art, fanfiction, and fan art. Independent artists, including authors and musicians, have found 
commercial success by making their work available on the Internet.[11] These changes have revolutionized the publishing and music industries.

Government[edit]

Through digitization, sunshine laws, open records laws and data collection, governments may make whole classes of statistical, legal or regulatory information 
available on the Internet. National libraries and state archives turn historical documents, public records, and unique relics into online databases and exhibits. 
At times, this has raised significant privacy issues.[12] For example, in 2012, The Journal News, a New York state paper, sparked outcry when it published an 
interactive map of gun owners' locations using legally obtained public records.[13] Governments also create online or digital propaganda or misinformation to 
support law enforcement or national security goals. This can go as far as astroturfing, or using media to create a false impression of mainstream belief or opinion.[14]
Governments can also use open content, like public records and open data in the service of public health, educational and scientific goals, such as crowdsourcing 
solutions to complex policy problems, or processing scientific data. In 2013, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) joined asteroid mining company 
Planetary Resources to crowdsource the hunt for near-earth objects, asteroids that could threaten the Earth.[15] Describing NASA's crowdsourcing work in an interview, 
technology transfer executive David Locke spoke of the "untapped cognitive surplus that exists in the world" which could be used to help develop NASA technology.[16] 
This is just one way crowdsourcing could be used to enhance public participation in government.[17] In addition to making government more participatory, open records 
and open data have the potential to make government more transparent and less corrupt.[18]

Users[edit]

With the introduction of Web 2.0 came the possibility of content consumers being more involved in the generation and sharing of content. Also with the coming of 
digital media and the ease of access at home, the amount of user generated content has increased as well as the age and class range. Eight percent of Internet users 
are very active in content creation and consumption.[19] Worldwide, about one in four Internet users are significant content creators,[20] and users in emerging 
markets lead the world in engagement.[21] Research has also found that young adults of a higher socioeconomic background tend to create more content than young adults 
from lower socioeconomic backgrounds.[22] Sixty-nine percent of American and European internet users are "spectators," who consume—but don't create—online and digital 
media.[21] The ratio of content creators to the amount of content they generate is sometimes referred to as the 1% rule, a rule of thumb that suggests that only 1% of a 
forum's users create nearly all of its content. Motivations for creating new content may include the desire to gain new knowledge, the possibility of publicity, or 
simple altruism, among other reasons.[23] Users may also create new content in order to help bring about social reforms. However, researchers caution that in order 
to be effective, context must be considered, a diverse array of people must be included, and all users must participate throughout the process.[24]

According to a 2011 study, minorities create content in order to connect with niche communities online. African-American users have been found to create content as 
a means of self-expression that was not previously available. Media portrayals of minorities are sometimes inaccurate and stereotypical which in turn affects the general 
perception of these minorities.[25] African-Americans respond to their portrayals digitally through the use of social media like, Twitter and Tumblr. More importantly, 
the creation of Black Twitter has allowed a community to be able to share their problems and ideas.[26]

Teen users[edit]

Younger users now have more access to content and content creating applications and publishing to different types of media, for example, Facebook, DeviantArt, or 
Tumblr.[27] As of 2005, around 21 million teens used the internet. Among these 57%, or 12 million teens, are Content Creators.[28] This creation and sharing was 
happening at a far higher level than with adults. With the advent of the internet, teens have had far more access to tools for sharing and creating. Technology is
also becoming cheaper and more accessible as well, making content creation far easier for everyone, including teens.[29] Some teens use this to seek fame as social 
influencers through online platforms like YouTube, while others use it to connect to friends through social networking sites.[30] Either way, this demographic is 
becoming more than just observers, they are creators as well.

On-boarding:

Content creators can join the DTM to publish content in a few ways:

1.	Use a partner service such as https://www.creativepassport.net/.  
2.	Through their DTM “Agent”
3.	Handle all the setup themselves 

There are a set of requirements for posting content to, or receiving funds from, the DTM:

1.	No anonymous posting.  All people and/or companies acting as “The” publisher of content posted to the DTM, either for sale or free consumption, will be identified.  
Identity information, commonly referred to as Know Your Customer or KYC, is stored in a secondary block chain system and cross linked with published content.

2.	Wallet addresses that receive funds from retail sales through the DTM will have an identified owner(s).  Address owners who receive funds from sales do not have 
to be CC or even “Agents” but they are subject to KYC requirements. 

3.	CC will be required to maintain current identification information as well as content ownership information upon the “KYC” block chain system.

A very important distinction must be noted.  The DTM is an open source “cloud” storage and indexing system.  The DTM is not a publisher in any form and is restricted 
by the inherent nature of the block chain design from censoring or manipulating content posted.  The DTM does not display content but allows 3rd party applications to 
scan and display content posted to the DTM.  These 3rd party applications may or may not act as “A” publisher by manipulating which content is provided through the 3rd 
party application.  Any entity, be it a person or company, that publishes content to the DTM will be considered “The” publisher.

Once a CC is on-boarded to the DTM they can publish and manage their content through a web portal.  Depending on the type of content, music, video, ebooks, software, 
subscriptions ect…, they can choose a wide verity of descriptors for their content.  Descriptor can be anything such as titles, tags, pictures, trailers, demos or anything 
needed to market the content.  Content can be published encrypted when accesses is restricted for sale or other purposes.  Content can also be published “open source” 
so that any 3rd party application can choose to display the content.

Once content is published it is out there for as long as the DTM survives, there is no deleting and with limited exceptions will be published forever.  
Let’s use a song for an example.  A CC posts an encrypted song for sale on the DTM.  A consumer purchases the song and is sent the location and the keys to access the song.  
The consumer can stream or download the song.  The CC can choose to no longer offer the song for sale but the consumer, much like buying a physical CD in a store, still 
has their copy of the song.   No further purchases of the song may be made if the CC so chooses but prior sales cannot be revoked. 

Once content is published to the DTM it can be then be read by scanning the Ravencoin (RVN) Block Chain.  The RVN BC is open source and unrestricted in that anyone or 
any application can view and use the BC.  Since the DTM uses “Payment” tokens to direct the flow of revenue once a sale is made, CC and/or Agents can negotiate directly, 
or in standard blocks, with 3rd party applications for a percentage of the sale.  A new publisher may give up a larger percentage of a sale to say Netflix just to get 
their content offered on the Netflix platform, while an established creator with large sales may be able to negotiate to keep a larger portion of each sale.   

  Here are just some examples of how 3rd party applications can use the DTM.
  
1.	Movies: Services like IMDB.com, Netflix, Xfinity, Hulu or any 3rd party could scan and display movies for sale.  With the use of tags and other information published 
with the content, what, when and how the content is displayed if controlled by the 3rd party application.  

2.	Books: This same approach can be used for ebooks.  Any 3rd party application such as Aldiko or Kendal could display the volumes for sales and through the consumer’s 
payment gateway, facilitate the sale.  

3.	Videos: Rather than hosting content, services such as Youtube or Rumble could simply play content from the RVN BC via the DTM.  If the publisher of content wanted 
that content available to a video service they could simply send content “tokens” to the desired 3rd party services.  If the 3rd party service has motorized through 
running advertisements, the publisher could send the content “token” to a wallet address with advertisement revenue or a wallet address without advertisement revenue.  
Advertisement views could be easily tracked to the token and payments made autonomously. This would also allow for a tipping function like what is used by lbry.tv and 
also Basic Attention Token (BAT).

4.	Radio Stations and music:  The evolution of this market has fragmented the business model.  

a.	Online radio stations, IHeart being an example, could access music offered to them through content “tokens” sent by the publishers.  Traditional revenue models, 
currently employed by these type of services, could continue as is.  This also adds other possibilities such as instant pay upon play and greatly enhanced tracking analytics. 
b.	National Syndicated Radio networks could also access the DTM for broadcast over the airways.  This again would provide a more in depth set of tools for tracking 
analytics and revenue options. 
c.	Local radio stations.  Many smaller independent stations have different revenue models.  Many stations among the Tejano, Cumbia, Conjuto and other Spanish music 
genre are paid by the musicians to play music.  The musicians do this so that audiences will request them at live events.  With the DTM, publishers could send their 
songs to the stations via content tokens.  Payments to the stations could easily be setup on a pay for play system where automatic payments are made to the stations 
from a fund setup by the publisher.  When a song is played the system would automatically send payment to the desired wallet address.  This could be setup with time 
sensitivity where as more is paid for song played during prime times and less when listenership is lower.  This in turn provides more revenue opportunities for the 
local stations.
d.	Streaming services such as Spodify and Itunes would no longer host music but grant access to customers.  Publishers could provide access to content by sending 
content tokens to streaming services.  Because of the increased and open analytical possibilities provided by the RVN BC, tracking and payments can be near instant.  
Along with traditional revenue avenues new models can be explored.  
e.	Publishers can offer music in a variety of ways.  Individual songs, albums or groups of songs or give them away in promotions.  They can also offer directly to 
the public market and retain a larger portion of the revenue from sales.  The DTM allows for creativity and innovation in forming new business models. Once a consumer 
purchases access to a song, they can download or stream the content.  As long as they retain their wallet and DTM membership token they will have access to the content 
they purchases.  A variety of 3rd party applications could manage this content for the consumer and compete for end users. 

5.	Subscription services: By allowing 3rd party applications to verify a wallet address is the holder of a token, access to websites, music and/or video services or 
anything online requiring access verification can be automated and simplified.  A consumer, who is a member of the DTM, could purchase a 30 day pass to a website or 
any other online service.  The consumer’s wallet address would receive a “30 day” access token from the service.  For the 30 days that the access token is valid and 
resided in the wallet address that also contained the consumers DTM membership token, the consumer would have access to the service.  The 3rd party service would not 
need to store “User” and “Password” information or a database of access and purchases.  All that information is stored on the RVN BC.  This would GREATLY reduce the 
cost and complexity of maintain online subscription services of all kinds.

6.	Application stores:  Sights like Google’s Play Store could access software and applications published to the DTM.  These 3rd party retailers can decide what content 
to display and publishers can negotiate revenue sharing individually or in groups. Payments would be instant to all parties and tracking and analytics would be greatly 
enhanced.  The DTM also allows publishers to reach consumers directly, cutting out “middle men” and retaining a larger portion of the sale revenue. This also allows for 
push or pull verified updating of software.

7.	Public and private messaging: These types of services would be open to all members of the DTM, both consumers and verified “KYC” publishers.  

a.	3rd party public messaging services like Gab, Parlor, Twitter, Discord, TicTok, Instagram, 4chan, Bitcointalk, Medium, Telegram, blog sites and an 100’s of other 
such services, that allow for public display of messages and comments, would no longer have to store published data.  Posters simply add their content to the RVN BC 
through the DTM and send their personal “access” token to the 3rd party service.  The 3rd party can scan the RVN BC for content published by its members.  Since all 
content is hosted on the RVN BC there is no deleting or censoring.  All content moderation is handled on the 3rd party service side. In this case 3rd parties could, 
but not necessarily, be considered “A” publisher but not “The” publisher of the original content. 

b.	Since anyone can post to the RVN BC and IPFS, this allows for the sending of encrypted data.  A person could post an encrypted message and then send the intended 
recipient a token to read the message.  Only the holder of the verified wallet address with the correct unique “membership” token could view the data.  Through the 
backend functions of the DTM any 3rd party application could give its users access to these functions.  It must be noted that once something is posted to the RVN BC it 
cannot be deleted and the poster cannot be changed.  While a poster my use an anonymous handle, that handle and that message will always be attached and available.  

8.	Remittance: Just like data the DTM system could be used by members to send funds to each other.  Any owner of a wallet address that receives funds through the DTM 
must meet the “KYC” requirements.  The DTM could be used by members to send crypto wallet address with private keys in encrypted messages.  An example is if member A has 
3 ETH in a wallet address.  Member A could send and encrypted message, containing the wallet address and private keys, to Member B.  Member B could restore the wallet 
address and thus claim the 3 ETH without paying “gas” fees and not be classified as a funds receiving address by the DTM.  This method of transfer in not unique to the 
DTM and can be preformed through any type of end to end communication. 

9.	Games and game items:

10.	Digital Content Creation:
